# Simulations with PARSER (Perruchet & Vinter, 1998)

## Model files

### `parser.cleaned.fixed.initial.window.pl`
Version of PARSER using a fixed initial window. The code is fairly ugly.
	
Here, the model reads in 3 units on the first time step. In general, the window size in the first time steps can be set with `@N_UNITS_INITIAL`.

### `parser.cleaned.pl`
Old version of PARSER randomly choosing the initial window. The code is fairly ugly.

## Wrapper files launching and analyzing the model

### `runAndAnaSim.primary.R` (`R`)
Loops through parameters to launch `runSim.secondary.pl` and `anaSim.secondary.pl`. The following parameters are used:

	- Stream types (here, only on from Saffran et al, 1996, _Science__)
	- Forgetting rate
	- Interference rate

Simulations with different random initializations are launched by `runSim.secondary.pl`. The output are whose output are the lexica generated by parser (see below).

Following the running of the simulation, the script calls `anaSim.secondary.pl` for each of the test lists (here, only one test list is used, comprising either word vs. part word trials).

`anaSim.secondary.pl` reads in the test lists, and for each test pair, assigns scores of 1, 0 or .5 if the weight of the first test item is great, smaller or equal to the weight of the second test item in the lexicon. The output (in file names of the sort testList.Saffran1996.infants.sylls.L1.forParser.stream.structured.infants.cont.sylls.L1.faded.2syll.results, of which none has been kept) contains all test trials for all subjects with these scores added in the last column.

`runAndAnaSim.primary.R` then collects these results and saves them to output/parser.recall.results.tab (which we zip since it's huge)	

### `runSim.secondary.pl` (perl)
Perl script that runs a parser simulation with the specified number of subjects and the specified parameters. For each subject, a familiarization stream with a different random ordering of words is chosen.

The output are the resulting lexica where ONLY strings with 6 letters are kept. The name of these output files are of the form stream.structured.infants.cont.sylls.L1.faded.2syll.results.txt, but none has been kept. 

 
### `anaSim.secondary.pl` (perl) 
Perl script that reads in the test lists, and for each test pair, assigns scores of 1, 0 or .5 if the weight of the first test item is great, smaller or equal to the weight of the second test item in the lexicon. 
The output (in file names of the sort `output/testList.Saffran1996.infants.sylls.L1.forParser.stream.structured.infants.cont.sylls.L1.faded.2syll.results.txt`, of which none has been kept) contains all test trials for all subjects with these scores added in the last column.


## Stimuli in `stim.syll.Saffran1996.infants`

* complete.streams: Not used here
* faded.2syll: Streams with the first two syllables removed
* testList.Saffran1996.infants.sylls.L1.forParser.txt: Test list comparing words and part-words.

## Output

`output/parser.recall.results.tab.zip` contains the results.


